{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0   - image_path: /assets/img/gallery/Abisko_Reindeer_2013.jpg\
    title: Abisko, Sweden (circa July 2013)\
  - image_path: /assets/img/gallery/CWG_Race_2015.jpg\
    title: Outside Uummannaq, Greenland (circa May 2015)\
  - image_path: /assets/img/gallery/JIRP_C18_2012.jpg\
    title: Juneau Icefield, AK (circa July 2012)\
  - image_path: /assets/img/gallery/Abisko_Tornetrask_2013.jpg\
    title: Abisko, Sweden (circa July 2013)\
  - image_path: /assets/img/gallery/CWG_Uummannaq_2015.jpg\
    title: Uummannaq, Greenland (circa May 2015)\
  - image_path: /assets/img/gallery/Kalymnos_Ally_2017.jpg\
    title: Kalymnos, Greece (circa May 2017)\
  - image_path: /assets/img/gallery/Abisko_U_2013.jpg\
    title: Abisko, Sweden (circa July 2013)\
  - image_path: /assets/img/gallery/CanyonLands_2015.jpg		\
    title: Canyonlands, UT (circa Jan. 2015, photo cred Ally Frickman)\
  - image_path: /assets/img/gallery/Kalymnos_Scooter_2017.jpg\
    title: Kalymnos, Greece (circa May 2017, photo cred Ally Frickman)\
  - image_path: /assets/img/gallery/CWG_Disko_2015.jpg		\
    title: Disko Island Ice Cap, Greenland (circa May 2015, photo cred Luke Trusel)\
  - image_path: /assets/img/gallery/Flam_Norway_2018.jpg\
    title: Flam, Norway (circa May 2018)\
  - image_path: /assets/img/gallery/NH_2017.jpg\
    title: Upper Dewey Lake, NH (circa August 2017)\
  - image_path: /assets/img/gallery/CWG_Dogs_2015.jpg\
    title: Ilulissat, Greenland (circa Apr. 2015)\
  - image_path: /assets/img/gallery/GC_Mancave_2012.jpg\
    title: Grand Canyon, AZ (circa Feb 2012, photo cred Jordan Carey)\
  - image_path: /assets/img/gallery/NICL_2015.jpg\
    title: National Ice Core Laboratory, CO (circa July 2014, photo cred Sarah Das)\
  - image_path: /assets/img/gallery/CWG_Glaciers_2015.jpg\
    title: East of Qaarsut, Greenland (circa Apr. 2015)\
  - image_path: /assets/img/gallery/Great_Sand_Dune_2015.jpg\
    title: Great Sand Dune National Park, CO (circa Jan. 2016)\
  - image_path: /assets/img/gallery/Rockies_2011.jpg\
    title: Rocky Mountain National Park, CO (circa Jan. 2011)\
  - image_path: /assets/img/gallery/CWG_Margin_2018.jpg\
    title: West Greenland Ice Sheet margin, ~50 km south of Ilulissat (circa July 2018).\
  - image_path: /assets/img/gallery/Guilin_2013.jpg\
    title: Lijiang River, Guilin vicinity, China (circa Oct. 2013)\
  - image_path: /assets/img/gallery/Rockies_2015.jpg\
    title: Grenadiers, CO (circa July 2015).\
  - image_path: /assets/img/gallery/CWG_MedialMoraine_2015.jpg\
    title: Nuussuaq Peninsula, Greenland (circa Apr. 2015).\
  - image_path: /assets/img/gallery/JIRP_Pose_2012.jpg\
    title: Taku Glacier terminus, Juneau, AK (circa June 2012, photo cred Carrie Jennings)\
  - image_path: /assets/img/gallery/SW_China_2013.jpg\
    title: Somewhere outside Chengdu, China (circa Oct. 2013)\
  - image_path: /assets/img/gallery/CWG_NU_2015.jpg\
    title: Nuussuaq Ice Cap (circa Apr. 2015, photo cred Luke Trusel)\
  - image_path: /assets/img/gallery/JIRP_Skiing_2012.jpg\
    title: Juneau Icefield, AK (circa June 2012)}